docs: update contributing information (#43)
FraunhoferISST/TREND: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to the Project

Thank you for your interest in contributing to the TREND project!

## Table of contents

* [CLA](#cla)
* [Git(Hub) Process](#github-process)
    * [Issues](#issues)
    * [Forks & Branches](#forks--branches)
    * [Pull Requests](#pull-requests)
    * [Commits](#commits)
    * [License Header](#license-header)
* [IntelliJ](#intellij)
* [Style Guide](#style-guide)
    * [IntelliJ IDEA configuration](#intellij-idea-configuration)

## CLA

When contributing to this project, the _Corporate Contributor License Agreement (“CLA”)_ must be
accepted. See the `CLA.md` file for more information.

## Git(Hub) Process

Please carefully follow our guidelines for the process with Git and GitHub. Failure to comply 
may result in rejection of the contribution.

### Issues

To organize and structure all contributions, open an issue for enhancements, feature requests or
bugs. Please use the provided templates and fill out all possible sections. In case of security
issues, see `SECURITY.md` for more details.

### Forks & Branches

When working on an issue, create a branch in the repository (if you have write permission) or fork

> the repository (if you haven't write permission). Create a branch with a descriptive name (like

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the repository (if you do not have write permission). Create a branch with a descriptive name (like
```

`docs/update-readme`), commit your changes as described here and create a pull request afterward.

### Pull Requests

Code changes are handled entirely over pull requests. When proposing a change, create a pull

> request from your working branch to the upstream `main` branch, fill out the template, link it 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
request from your working branch or fork to the upstream `main` branch, fill out the template, link it 
```

to at least one issue (mandatory) and accept the CLA by keeping the text untouched.

We use the
[squash and merge](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/incorporating-changes-from-a-pull-request/about-pull-request-merges#squash-and-merge-your-commits)
strategy. Therefore, remember to use a pull request title in the
[conventional commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/) format since it is used as the squashed
commit message. Since this repository uses a
[monolithic repository approach](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monorepo), the conventional
commit _scope_ should be set to the affected component, resulting in the following format for
the pull request title:

```

> <type>(<component>): <descriptive title>

Reviewer 2: we could recommend using [commitlint](https://github.com/conventional-changelog/commitlint)

```

An example for an added compression feature in the `watermarker` library would be:

```
feat(watermarker): add watermark compression option
```

> Further note that every pull request has to be related to at least one issue. This guarantees

Reviewer: Already mentioned on line 44

that every proposed contribution is related to a previously discussed issue. Pull requests
shouldn't be too big to allow a fast integration of changes. We recommend keeping the content
below 1000 lines of code (LOC).

To ensure code quality, every pull request needs at least one approved review from one of the

> Committer team. Further check that all pipelines succeed before requesting a review.

Reviewer 2: Can external users trigger our pipelines?

Author: The pipelines should run on all pull requests, yes. But I will update the part to make it more clear.

Reviewer 2: I was asking because of an open-source project where its required that a reviewer starts the pipeline. AFAIK its done that way to prevent DOS attacks and preventing exploiting any security vuln. in the pipelines.

- Hard wrap at: 100
- KDoc max comment line length: 100

> Remember that every method must contain a comment since it is used in the automatic 

Reviewer 2: the combination of contain and just comment (not documentations comment) sound like you have to add a normal comment inside of the function body. We could link [this](https://kotlinlang.org/docs/kotlin-doc.html#kdoc-syntax).

Author: Good point! Maybe we should also add a general hint that documentation and concepts should be updated.
